I am Asguiaro Ebem.
Getsuga tensho!
What is it that's keeping
his Bankai from disappearing?
[Nel] You've got
to help us, Ichigo,
it's Hueco Mundo,
Hueco Mundo is-
Quiet, please.
Now will you leave
or will you die?
To determine that, we
will be selecting Hollows
and Arrancars by means
of a little competition.
You've got the
nerve to talk trash
about Master Halibel, and yet
you have no idea who we are?
(dramatic music)
Are you guys what
I think you are?
As a matter of fact, we
are what you think we are.
We're Quincies.
[Uryu Ishida] The Soul
Society's under attack.
And Hueco Mundo's been invaded.
And from the looks
of it, it's Quincies.
Now just so you understand
what you're witnessing
the proper name
for this form is
Quincy Voll Stem Dich.
So as Quincies
extinguish more Hollows,
the number of souls is reduced,
disrupting the natural balance.
If we don't stop them,
the balance will eventually
be irreparably damaged,
causing the Soul Society to flow
into the World of the Living,
resulting in the ultimate
destruction of both.
Oh, and let us not
forget the fact
that everything that
is happening now
is happening because
you, Head Captain,
couldn't kill that
man 1,000 years ago.
It was you who
brought this upon us.
[Quilge] Sklave Rai,
I wanted to avoid
using it possible.
I can't stand the
thought of my holy wings
being besmirched by such
grotesque impurities.
(dramatic music)
A Bankai!
I'm guessin that if I can
destroy that disk on your head,
you can't do so much
subordinating of Reishi, can ya?
And so it was,
the Quincy Extermination
Operation was initiated.
The Soul Reapers and Quincies
have no choice but to fight.
[Yhwach] How I dislike conflict,
it is so disagreeable.
What the hell?
Reishi, is that what that is?
Sorry about this, but
we're gonna have to kill
every one of you.
Tremble, Soul Reapers,
for the Stern Ritters have come.
We're going to purge
you from the world.
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
[R&D Member] Sir, we've
confirmed the presence
of enemy Spiritual
Pressures in 16 locations
within the Seireitei.
[R&D Member Two]
They've gotten past
the Soul Shield Membrane,
but we don't know how!
[R&D Member Three] The Spiritual
Pressures of Soul Reapers
have disappeared across
an even wider area
and it appears they
all died in combat.
[R&D Member Two] The Spiritual
Pressure of Squad Three's
Lieutenant Kira has vanished,
along with those other
three seated officers.
25 squad members have perished
in the West 601 District.
And 61 more in the
West 224 District!
[Akon] Over 1,000 dead
in the seven minutes
since the invasion started?
This is madness.
There's no way we
can beat this enemy.
(dramatic music)
Stay back or you die.
If I frighten you,
feel free to run.
You're not really
worth my time anyway.
You mock the 13
Court Guard Squads?
Don't come any
closer, I warn you.
Have you noticed
that you keep trying
to dissuade me from my purpose,
rather than engage me in battle?
That smells a lot
like fear to me.
Unfortunately for you,
the war has already begun.
(Hidetomo yelling)
(ringing)
I see, understood.
It wasn't good news, I take it.
You lose a loved one?
There any reason I
should answer that?
You betcha.
See, I'm thinking
it must've happened
in Bazz-B's location.
'Cause if there's anyone
still alive there,
he's lost his touch.
Questioning the abilities
of your own comrades?
There's no art in that.
Izuru Kira has not only
been a loyal lieutenant,
he's been a source of
great inspiration to me.
Just having him around
when I pick up a guitar
causes the melodies to flow
out of me like a river.
It will be devastating
for both me and my guitar
if Izuru is truly gone.
Sorry, man, I don't
know much of anything
about art or music.
But I wouldn't worry about it.
I promise that you
and your guitar
won't even have a chance to
weep for your fallen comrade,
'cause you're gonna
be dead yourself
in about five minutes.
You're right, you don't
know anything about art.
Do you think I could see
so many of my men dead
and not grieve?
My guitar and I are
gently weeping already.
We'll shed no tears
over your death, Quincy!
(Squad Members screaming)
[Soul Reaper One] What
kind of monster is that?
[Soul Reaper Two] It's like
something out of a nightmare.
None of our attacks
work against it.
But what I really
don't get is...
(Soul Reaper screaming)
Why are they still screaming
like that when they're dead?
-Run!
-Let's get out of here.
Stand your ground!
Since when is it the mission
of the 13 Court Guard Squads
to save our own skins?
We swore we'd lay down our
lives to protect the Seireitei!
(dramatic music)
Stand your ground!
[Renji] Bravo, well said.
Lieutenant Abarai!
Stand aside, trooper,
I'll take it from here.
(Bambietta yelling)
(intense music)
Don't tell me they have
little girls like you
fighting for them.
Don't tell me they made a
doggy like you a captain.
Wow, they must be
seriously understaffed.
I mean, that's just sad.
(Renji yelling)
[Renji] What's with this guy?
Every time he parries an attack,
some sort of weird mark appears.
I'll just have to
attack quicker then.
(Mask De Masculine yelling)
There's no reason to hold
anything back, Renji.
Keep in mind that these
enemies are determined
to exterminate the
entire Soul Society.
They'll show us no mercy.
Show them none as well.
(computer beeping)
So they are not sealing
away our Bankai.
Captain?
Don't try it.
No use, our weapons
can't even touch them.
Can't touch them, you say?
Oh, I beg to differ.
You let them catch
you off guard.
[Byakuya] You might want to
be more careful yourself.
[Mask De Masculine]
What the hell?
Scatter, Senbonzakura.
(dramatic music)
You can't be serious.
(Sajin and Bambietta grunting)
Captain!
(Sajin growls)
(ice shatters)
(swords clanking)
Captain!
Try using that right arm now.
I've seen many of my
comrades fall here today,
and for that,
you're going to pay.
It didn't even slow him down.
[Soi Fon] Suzumebachi
can't pierce him?
(swords clanking)
I see what you're planning.
But sir, according to
Lieutenant Sasakibe's report,
this enemy has found a way
of sealing away our Bankai.
Don't do it.
I'm aware of that, but
there must be a reckoning.
These swine attacked
us without warning,
murdered Lieutenant Sasakibe,
and caused bloodshed
within the Seireitei.
Besides, we can never
hope to defeat them
without using our Bankai,
which means we must find
a way to break that seal,
if we are to have any chance
of surviving this battle,
let alone winning it.
Therefore, Renji, if they
do seal away my Bankai,
I need you to finish
them off with yours.
Yes, Captain.
Bankai.
Senbonzakura Kageyoshi.
Kokujo Tengen Myo-oh!
Jakuho Raikoben!
Daiguren Hyorinmaru!
(Sajin groaning)
We were wrong.
This is not a seal.
Our Bankai,
they're stealing it.
(electricity sparking)
-(gasping)
-What?
You've gotta be kidding me!
She stole my Bankai?
Yeah, that's right, your
Bankai's mine now, doggy.
Where are you?
I'm not sensing
you, are you there?
Say something.
Hyorinmaru!
Captain.
Why are you worrying about me?
Don't just stand there,
use your Tenteikura!
Send an emergency message
to all squad captains
warning them not to
use their Bankai,
because the enemy isn't
sealing our Bankai,
they're stealing it.
[Rangiku] Tenteikura!
(somber music)
They're able to steal it?
Those fools, letting
them steal their Bankai.
Squads two, six, and seven
have lost theirs as well.
Idiots!
Why couldn't they
at least have waited
until my analysis was complete?
Of all the blind stupidity.
Better now than
later, I suppose.
You see, when Captain Kurotsuchi
has enough information, it
usually doesn't take him long
to come up with a solution
to just about anything.
But in this case, he didn't,
have enough
information, that is.
We initially had
no way of knowing
just what your
abilities really were.
But clearly, you weren't
a foe we were gonna beat
without our Bankai,
which means sooner or later,
someone was gonna
have to be sacrificed.
I just wish it had been later.
Grimmaniel.
(chuckles) Well, how about that,
here I am trying to
put on a brave face,
and you blow a hole in it.
I'm in trouble here, aren't I?
What the hell, Bankai-
No, Renji!
The last thing we need
is to have you lose
your Bankai as well.
But Captain, then
with all respect,
how are we supposed
to fight these guys?
How can we beat them
without our Bankai?
(dramatic music)
(Soul Reapers yelling)
(computers beeping)
Put me through to
Ichigo Kurosaki now!
Sir, don't we need the
Captain's permission?
The Captain's on
the front lines.
Just do what I say.
(phone ringing)
Akon, hello, I had a feeling
I'd be hearing from
the Soul Society.
So how are things
with you, long time-
[Akon] This is an emergency,
don't you get that?
Put me through to
Ichigo Kurosaki now!
I don't think it's
gonna be possible
to talk to Ichigo at the moment.
[Akon] Why not?
[Kisuke] Because right
now, he's fighting a Quincy
who claims to be the captain
of the Hueco Mundo Hunt Army,
if you can believe that.
Damn you!
Why isn't it working?
[Kisuke] What's interesting,
is that the enemy
seems to be trying to,
I don't know, seal Ichigo's
Bankai or something.
But he's getting
really frustrated,
'cause it's not working.
-It's not?
-Why isn't it?
I knew the Soul Society
was dealing with some invaders.
I guess the fact
that you contacted me
must mean things are
getting pretty serious, huh?
So let me go back to
my first question,
how are things going
with you guys over there?
(dramatic music)
[Quilge] How can this be?
I'm using my Voll Stern Dich,
and I even absorbed
that monstrous Arrancar!
So how?
How can his power surpass mine?
Funny thing is, I met
a guy the other day
who wanted to seal
away my Bankai as well.
So tell me why you people are
so obsessed with it anyway?
Interesting question,
but I hope you won't
be too disappointed
if I don't answer it.
[Ichigo] Could it be that you
guys are afraid of Bankai?
Don't be absurd, you worm!
The Wandenreich fears
nothing in Heaven or Hell
or anything in between-
Nice work, Ichigo.
Whatever you said really
got under his skin,
disrupting his defensive
Reishi just long enough
for me to land a fatal blow.
Kisuke!
Sorry, no time to chat.
It seems we've got ourselves
a little emergency.
Akon's on the line there,
he can fill you
in on the details.
[Akon] Ichigo, the news is bad,
but I need you to stay strong.
Request successful,
Ichigo Kurosaki confirms
he's on his way here.
Inform the Secret Remote
Unit that he's already-
[Rin] Everything's
gonna be all right now.
Leave it to Ichigo,
if anyone can save the
Soul Society, he can.
[Yasutora] Kisuke!
[Kisuke] Ah, perfect timing.
That corpse down
there should have
a palm-sized metal
plate on it somewhere.
You mind finding it
and bringing it to me?
But Kisuke, what
happened to Ichigo?
He got an emergency request
from the Soul Society
and headed out.
But I'll explain it all later.
At the moment, I need
to analyze this Quincy.
They can do what?
What do you mean they
can steal Bankai?
How is that even possible?
It's hard to believe, I know.
But we've had it confirmed
that the captains of squads
two, six, seven, and ten
have all had their
Bankai stolen.
[Ichigo] No, no way!
[Kisuke] Sorry to jump in here,
but I've analyzed
the data I gathered
from your earlier battle
with the enemy, Ichigo.
[Ichigo] Kisuke?
I've found that there
are three major abilities
of note that the
Quincies possess.
The first is the
Quincy Voll Stern Dich.
The second is
referred to as Blut,
by releasing Reishi directly
into their bloodstream,
they can radically
increase their offensive
and defensive capabilities.
It's powerful,
but it has a flaw.
They can't use if for offense
and defense at the same time.
The third ability, and the
most threatening for us
is called Bankai Plundering.
The thing is, for some
reason your Bankai
seems to be the only one they
haven't been able to plunder.
Now if we could
just figure out why,
we might have a-
(Reishi arrow wizzes)
(gasp)
The exit!
Hey, Kisuke, what's going on?
Kisuke?
[Kisuke] I let my guard down
thinking he had to be dead.
I forgot about Ransotengai.
(dramatic music)
I can't let him go to their aid.
My orders are to
keep Ichigo Kurosaki
from interfering in our plans
even if it should
cost me my life!
Oh, great, what the
hell is this thing?
I'll tell you what it
is, Ichigo Kurosaki,
it is the end of all your hopes
of saving the Soul Society!
Neither you or any Soul Reaper
can escape from that
prison I've put you in,
and it will continue
to imprison you
long after I've ceased to exist.
You may have won the battle,
but you've lost the war.
You will remain trapped in
that prison of pure energy.
And there you will
sit, helpless, useless,
as the Soul Society falls.
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
[Chojiro] The vow rests in
the shade of the willow,
even as the lightning fades.
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)